[Music]
you are a very lucky girl
Randall Wells will you marry me not many
men would be willing to take on somebody
with your baggage I mean three kids a
mountain of death looking for Miranda
Wells she's at work right now you
believe with me I'm her son
I'm afraid this comes with a little bit
of an explanation
hurricane warning your weather guy says
it's gonna miss us but you never be too
careful no matter how bad things are
they can always get worse
mom I'm expecting a call from the bank
ray Johnson
Miranda Wells there goes my deductible
don't waste your instruments on us why
is he doing here about her because he's
offered to come over to fix it you're
letting him follow us home
youko now you're looking for her then
she runs into you it's pretty weird is
it your thoughts attract things with a
force that you cannot see but it's
definitely real okay this is me making
about pizza don't look at me have to be
careful yeah right because we get what
we expect and open to the possibility
that whatever happens oh my god even the
bad stuff can lead to better things I
can't afford a new roof let me help
why are you helping me because I can
how do you know Miranda I don't really
why are you fixing a roof I just don't
want you to blow this she doesn't love
him not like dad all your dad ever
wanted was for you to be happy how would
you know that what are you doing right
now taking in this gorgeous sunset I
don't understand what's happening here I
think you and I collided for a reason
what's it say I've been dreamin one fun
ball happen to the bumper karma or maybe
it's just a lousy driver
it's a better day coming
you